#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
awesome-slugify==1.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
babbage==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
bitarray==0.8.1
    # via pybloom-live
blinker==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
cchardet==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapackage
    #   tabulator
certifi==2017.7.27.1
    # via requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   normality
    #   requests
click==6.7
    # via
    #   datapackage
    #   flask
    #   python-dotenv
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
contextlib2==0.5.5
    # via raven
datadog==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
datapackage==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.1.2
    # via datadog
elasticsearch==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   os-package-registry
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
flask-cors==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-jsonpify==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babbage
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-jsonpify
functools32==3.2.3.post2
    # via jsonschema
grako==3.10.1
    # via babbage
gunicorn==19.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.6
    # via requests
ijson==2.3
    # via tabulator
isodate==0.5.4
    # via tableschema
itsdangerous==0.24
    # via flask
jdcal==1.3
    # via openpyxl
jinja2==2.9.6
    # via flask
jsonlines==1.2.0
    # via tabulator
jsonpointer==1.12
    # via datapackage
jsonschema==2.6.0
    # via
    #   babbage
    #   datapackage
    #   tableschema
linear-tsv==1.0.0
    # via tabulator
markupsafe==1.0
    # via jinja2
normality==0.4.4
    # via babbage
openpyxl==2.4.8
    # via tabulator
os-api-cache==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   os-package-registry
os-package-registry==0.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babbage
pybloom-live==2.3.1
    # via tableschema-sql
python-dateutil==2.6.1
    # via tableschema
python-dotenv==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-memcached==1.58
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==5.4
    # via babbage
raven==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   os-api-cache
regex==2017.9.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awesome-slugify
requests==2.18.4
    # via
    #   datadog
    #   datapackage
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
rfc3986==1.1.0
    # via tableschema
simplejson==3.11.1
    # via datadog
six==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babbage
    #   datapackage
    #   flask-cors
    #   jsonlines
    #   linear-tsv
    #   normality
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   tableschema
    #   tableschema-sql
    #   tabulator
sqlalchemy==1.1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babbage
    #   tableschema-sql
    #   tabulator
tableschema-sql==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tableschema==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapackage
    #   tableschema-sql
tabulator==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapackage
    #   tableschema
    #   tableschema-sql
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   datapackage
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
unidecode==0.4.21
    # via awesome-slugify
urllib3==1.22
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
werkzeug==0.12.2
    # via flask
xlrd==1.1.0
    # via tabulator
